Add an example to the "Updating campaigns" documentation (#10034)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/user/campaigns/updating_campaigns.md

Say you have successfully created a campaign based on the patches yielded by running the following action:

```json
{
  "scopeQuery": "repo:github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph$",
  "steps": [
    {
      "type": "docker",
      "image": "golang:1.14-alpine",
      "args": ["sh", "-c", "cd /work && go fmt ./..."]
    }
  ]
}
```

The campaign now has a single changeset, for the `github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph` repository, which was the only repository yielded by the `"scopeQuery"` above.

Now you want to run the same action over more repositories and extend the existing campaign by creating additional changesets on the code hosts.

To do that, first change the action definition's `"scopeQuery"` to yield more repositories:

```json
{
  "scopeQuery": "repo:github.com/sourcegraph",
  "steps": [
    {
      "type": "docker",
      "image": "golang:1.14-alpine",
      "args": ["sh", "-c", "cd /work && go fmt ./..."]
    }
  ]
}
```

This will now run the `go fmt` in every repository in the `github.com/sourcegraph` organization.

Execute the action and create a new patch set:

```
$ src action exec -f extended-action.json -create-patchset
```

> After the command ran successfully a URL is printed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the command ran successfully, a URL to continue in the web UI is printed.
```

> Open it to select which campaign you want to update. Select your existing campaign. The preview should now show you the additional changesets that will be created when you update the campaign and, if something changed in that repository, how the changeset that already exists will be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open it to select which campaign you want to update. Select your existing campaign. The preview now shows you the additional changesets that will be created when you update the campaign and, if something changed in that repository, how the changeset that already exists will be updated.
```

I think we can be more confident about this 😁
